For this project, you’ll act as a data analyst for the National Park Service. You’ll be helping them analyze data on endangered species from several different parks.

The National Parks Service would like you to perform some data analysis on the conservation statuses of these species and to investigate if there are any patterns or themes to the types of species that become endangered. During this project, you will analyze, clean up, and plot data, pose questions and seek to answer them in a meaningful way.

After you perform analysis, you'll be creating a presentation to share your findings with the National Park Service.
Task 1: Analyzing Data

There are two possible ways of completing the analysis for this project:

    You can complete the project on Codecademy.com . You won't need to install Python and you won't need to do anything on the Command Line.

    If you’d like an extra challenge, you can complete this project on your own computer. To do this, you’ll need to install Python.

On Your Computer
Setting Up Python

    If you’ve never used the command line, we recommend taking the Learn the Command Line course.
    Install Python by following the directions in this article on Installing Python for Data Analysis.
    Learn about Jupyter Notebooks, a cool way of combining Python code with explanations or instruction in a web terminal.

Analysis

    Download biodiversity.zip
    Double click on it to “unzip” the folder. It should contain several items: observations.csv, species_info.csv, biodiversity.ipynb, biodiversity-solutions.ipynb
    In the command line, navigate into the biodiversity directory
    Type the following into the command line:

    jupyter notebook

    This should open a browser tab. Click on biodiversity.ipynb in the browser tab. This will open up your Jupyter Notebook.
    Follow the steps in the Jupyter Notebook. It will help you do your analysis.

On Codecademy.com

You will complete the exercises for the project on Codecademy.com. There’s no need to download and install Python!

While you work through the exercises, take notes on any interesting quantities that you calculate. You’ll need these later.

Also be sure to download any charts or graphs that you create. You can do this by right-clicking on the chart, and clicking “save as”.
Task 2: Create a Slide Deck

Once you've performed your analysis, either on your computer or on Codecademy, you're ready to create your slide deck.

Create a slide deck using Google Drive, Microsoft Powerpoint, or some other presentation software. Your presentation should include the following:

    A title slide
    A section describing the data in species_info.csv. Be sure to include some (or all) of what you noticed while working through the notebook.
    A section describing the significance calculations that you did for endangered status between different categories of species.
    A recommendation for conservationists concerned about endangered species, based on your significance calculations
    A section describing the sample size determination that you did for the foot and mouth disease study
    All of the graphs that you created in the notebook

If you like, you can also record a video of yourself giving the presentation and upload it to YouTube.
Task 3: Submit Your Project

    Create a folder containing the following files
    Save your presentation as a PDF using “save as”
    Save your iPython notebook as a “.py” file using File > Download as > Python (.py)
    If you created a video, create a file called video.txt with a link to the video
    If you completed this project on codecademy.com rather than on your own computer, please create a readme.txt file that says “Completed Code in the Learning Environment”
    Upload the folder to Codecademy!

