You've been hired to help MuscleHub, a fancy gym, run an A/B test!

Currently, when a visitor to MuscleHub is considering buying a membership, he or she follows the following steps:

    Take a fitness test with a personal trainer
    Fill out an application for the gym
    Send in their payment for their first month's membership

Janet, the manager of MuscleHub, thinks that the fitness test intimidates some prospective members, so she has set up an A/B test.

Visitors will randomly be assigned to one of two groups:

    Group A will still be asked to take a fitness test with a personal trainer
    Group B will skip the fitness test and proceed directly to the application

Janet's hypothesis is that visitors assigned to Group B will be more likely to eventually purchase a membership to MuscleHub.

You will help her analyze the data and create a presentation.
Working on Your Computer

If you haven’t installed Python 2.7 on your computer yet, follow the following instructions:

    If you’ve never used the command line, we recommend taking the Learn the Command Line course.
    Install Python by following the directions in this article on Installing Python for Data Analysis.
    Learn about Jupyter Notebooks, a cool way of combining Python code with explanations or instruction in a web terminal.

Task 1: Pulling and Analyzing Data

    Download musclehub.zip

    Double click on it to “unzip” the folder. It should contain seven items:
    visits.csv, fitness_tests.csv, applications.csv, purchases.csv, codecademySQL.py, interviews.txt, musclehub.ipynb
    In the command line, navigate into the musclehub directory

    Type the following into the command line:

    jupyter notebook

    This should open a browser tab.

    Click on musclehub.ipynb in the browser tab. This will open up your Jupyter Notebook.
    Follow the steps in the Jupyter Notebook. It will help you do your analysis.

Task 2: Qualitative Data

In the file interviews.txt, there are interviews with a few different gym visitors who participated in the A/B test. Read them and see if they help you better understand the results of the test.
Task 3: Create a Slide Deck

Create a slide deck using Google Drive , Microsoft Powerpoint, or some other presentation software. Your presentation should include the following:

    A title slide
    A description of what happened in this A/B test
    A summary of your dataset and any information you think would be helpful background
    The results of the three hypothesis tests that you ran, including an explanation of the type of test that you used and why it was appropriate
    A summary of the qualitative data
    A recommendation for MuscleHub

If you like, you can also record a video of yourself giving the presentation and upload it to YouTube.
Task 4: Submit Your Project

    Save your presentation as a PDF using save as.
    Save your iPython notebook as a “.py” file using File > Download as > Python (.py)
    If you created a video, create a file called video.txt with a link to the video
    Move your PDF, your Python file, and (optionally) your video.txt into the same folder.
    Upload the folder to Codecademy!

